SEP-31: Add fee endpoint and info attributes (#719)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0031.md

                  ]
               }
            }
         },
         "fee_types": {

>             "cash_pickup": {

Reviewer: ❓ Are these fee types one-to-one with the values in the `choices` list? Or are they different?

}
```

### Fee

The fee endpoint allows an receiving anchor to report the fee that would be charged for processing the payment of an asset. This endpoint is important to allow a sending anchor to accurately report fees to a sending user even when the fee schedule is complex. If a fee can be fully expressed with the `fee_fixed` and `fee_percent` fields in the `/info` response, then an anchor should not implement this endpoint.

```
GET DIRECT_PAYMENT_SERVER/fee
```

Request parameters:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`type` | string | (optional) Type of payment method, optionally described in the `GET /info` endpoint
`asset_code` | string | Asset code of the payment

> `amount` | float | Amount of the asset that would be sent to the receiving user

Reviewer: ❗ I think we should make the `amount` request parameter a string, and note in the description it should be a decimal. That would be consistent with the other amount fields that already exist in SEP-31, for e.g.:
https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/e195a267aa3f2c27a78c12e85676ed33a806debb/ecosystem/sep-0031.md#L303-L305

Why: The consistency will make it less taxing on the developer consuming the API if they can assume amounts are represented and consumed in the same way everywhere. A 'float' comes with some baggage. Floats can be represented with an exponent sometimes by some programming languages when serializing and I don't think we'd want to complicate parsing. Also some languages have types that are much better at naturally handling money than floats.

```suggestion
`amount` | string | Amount of the asset that would be sent to the receiving user as a string with up to 7 decimals.
```

Would 7 decimals suffice?

Example request:

```
GET https://api.example.com/fee?asset_code=USD&amount=110.0&type=cash_pickup
```

On success the endpoint should return `200 OK` HTTP status code and a JSON object with the following fields:

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`fee` | float | The total fee (in units of the asset sent) that would be charged on top of the specified `amount` of `asset_code` sent to the user.

Example response:

```json
{

>   "fee": 0.013

Reviewer: ❗ Similar to the above and for the same reasons I think we should make this a string, e.g.:

```suggestion
  "fee": "0.013"
```

}
```

Every HTTP status code other than `200 OK` will be considered an error. The body should contain error details.
For example:

```json
{
   "error": "This anchor doesn't support the given currency code: USD"
}

> ```

Reviewer: ❓ I don't see mention of this here so I'm not sure if it is the case, but is this endpoint authenticated or not? There could be times where it being authenticated would allow different fee structures for different users based on their existing volumes, or agreements, or the wallet they're using. This might be out of scope and I'm not asking for it, just thinking out loud.
